README.md, before:

ofxVTerrain
===========

openframeworks addon for terrain rendering with vTerrain library. You can customize your terrain map with the vTerrain tools and save the project in an .xml file.
Then you can import it with ofxVTerrain addon in OpenFrameworks. This is still a work in progress!!


Windows
=======

You will find a visual studio solution in the vterrain-example/src folder. You need to adjust Osg src and static lib. Needed also gdal and libMini, lippng,libjpeg. i used Osg binaries from here: 
		
		http://www.alphapixel.com/osg/downloads/free-openscenegraph-binary-downloads

i used the 32 bit version.
 
gdal and other libs from OSGeo4W:

		http://trac.osgeo.org/osgeo4w/

libMini (MINI-10.9.zip) and libMini prebuilt binaries dependencies(libpng,libjpeg,zlib..):

		https://code.google.com/p/libmini/downloads

if you want build yourself the vTerrain libraries grab the source from here:

		http://vterrain.org/Download/

and don't forget to visit the main page:

		http://vterrain.org


useful note : remember to exclude from source the files xmltok_impl.c and xmltok_ns.c 


Linux
=====

I was able to compile it in linux only without makefile. I can't exclude from source the files mentioned above.Go in the OpenFrameworks forum to see the discussion: http://forum.openframeworks.cc/index.php/topic,12325.0.html So maybe you have to adjust some path in the CB project. 
You need Osg, gdal, libpng, lipjpeg, zlib you can install them from console 

		sudo apt-get install openscenegraph libgdal-dev libpng12-dev libjpeg-dev

libMini (MINI-10.9.zip) source :

		https://code.google.com/p/libmini/downloads

if you want build yourself the vTerrain libraries grab the source from here:

		http://vterrain.org/Download/

and don't forget to visit the main page:

		http://vterrain.org

To use
======

in main.cpp just use the setMap function to load your .xml project:

		#include "ofMain.h"
		#include "testApp.h"
		#include "ofxAppVTerrainWindow.h"

		//========================================================================

		int main( ){


		ofxAppVTerrainWindow window;
		ofSetupOpenGL(&window, 800,600, OF_WINDOW);		
    		window.setMap("path/to/myMap.xml");
		// this kicks off the running of my app
		//// can be OF_WINDOW or OF_FULLSCREEN
		// pass in width and height too:
		ofRunApp( new testApp());

		}

and in testApp.h remember to add the include to ofxOsgApp and ofxVTerrain header:

		#include "ofxOsgApp.h"
		#include "ofxVTerrain.h"

and to inherit from ofBaseApp and ofxOsgApp

		class testApp : public ofBaseApp, public ofxOsgApp{
		
		//testApp needed code
		
		}


in testApp.cpp just remember to add in update:


		void testApp::update(){

    		vtGetScene()->DoUpdate();

		}




This little guide is going to be improved and i need to verify a lot of things in the addons.

Any feedback is welcome! and also collaborations!

Commit message:

added data info and improved layout

README.md, after:

ofxVTerrain
===========

openframeworks addon for terrain rendering with vTerrain library. You can customize your terrain map with the vTerrain tools and save the project in an .xml file.
Then you can import it with ofxVTerrain addon in OpenFrameworks. This is still a work in progress!!


Windows
=======

You will find a visual studio solution in the vterrain-example/src folder. You need to adjust Osg src and static lib. Needed also gdal and libMini, lippng,libjpeg. i used Osg binaries from here: 
		
	http://www.alphapixel.com/osg/downloads/free-openscenegraph-binary-downloads

i used the 32 bit version.
 
gdal and other libs from OSGeo4W:

	http://trac.osgeo.org/osgeo4w/

libMini (MINI-10.9.zip) and libMini prebuilt binaries dependencies(libpng,libjpeg,zlib..):

	https://code.google.com/p/libmini/downloads

if you want build yourself the vTerrain libraries grab the source from here:

	http://vterrain.org/Download/

and don't forget to visit the main page:

	http://vterrain.org


useful note : remember to exclude from source the files xmltok_impl.c and xmltok_ns.c 


Linux
=====

I was able to compile it in linux only without makefile. I can't exclude from source the files mentioned above.Go in the OpenFrameworks forum to see the discussion: http://forum.openframeworks.cc/index.php/topic,12325.0.html So maybe you have to adjust some path in the CB project. 
You need Osg, gdal, libpng, lipjpeg, zlib you can install them from console 

		sudo apt-get install openscenegraph libgdal-dev libpng12-dev libjpeg-dev

libMini (MINI-10.9.zip) source :

	https://code.google.com/p/libmini/downloads

if you want build yourself the vTerrain libraries grab the source from here:

	http://vterrain.org/Download/

and don't forget to visit the main page:

	http://vterrain.org

To use
======

in main.cpp just use the setMap function to load your .xml project:

		#include "ofMain.h"
		#include "testApp.h"
		#include "ofxAppVTerrainWindow.h"

		//========================================================================

		int main( ){


		ofxAppVTerrainWindow window;
		ofSetupOpenGL(&window, 800,600, OF_WINDOW);		
    		window.setMap("path/to/myMap.xml");
		// this kicks off the running of my app
		//// can be OF_WINDOW or OF_FULLSCREEN
		// pass in width and height too:
		ofRunApp( new testApp());

		}

and in testApp.h remember to add the include to ofxOsgApp and ofxVTerrain header:

		#include "ofxOsgApp.h"
		#include "ofxVTerrain.h"

and to inherit from ofBaseApp and ofxOsgApp

		class testApp : public ofBaseApp, public ofxOsgApp{
		
		//testApp needed code
		
		}


in testApp.cpp just remember to add in update:


		void testApp::update(){

    		vtGetScene()->DoUpdate();

		}

Data
====

You can use the data bundled with the vtp SDK download them from here :

	http://vterrain.org/dist/vtp-apps-data-130201.zip

You must follow the vTerrain convention, for this reason i suggest to use the data above as a starting point to be friendly with.




This little guide is going to be improved and i need to verify a lot of things in the addons.

Any feedback is welcome! and also collaborations!
